Enable SW Displacement tile creation (#3)
ASFHyP3/OPERA-DISP-TMS: README.md

### Create a frame metadata tile
These tiles serve as the foundation for the creation of all other Tile Map Server datasets. More details on the structure of these datasets can be found in the [Design.md](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/OPERA-DISP-TMS/blob/develop/Design.md) document.

The `generate_frame_tile` CLI command can be used to generate a frame metadata tile:
```bash
generate_frame_tile -125 41 -124 42 --ascending
```
Where `-125 41 -124 42` is a desired bounding box in **integer** `minx, miny, max, maxy` longitude/latitude values, and `--ascending` specifies which orbit direction you want to generate a frame metadata tile for (`--ascending` for ascending, omit for descending).

For TMS generation ASF will be using 1x1 degree tiles.

### Create a Short Wavelength Cumulative Displacement tile

> The `generate_sw_disp_tile` CLI command can be used to generate a frame metadata tile:

Reviewer: Still brainstorming, but I think I prefer "metadata tile" vs "[cumulative] displacement geotiff" to distinguish between the metadata raster and the science data raster
```suggestion
The `generate_sw_disp_tile` CLI command can be used to generate a cumulative displacement geotiff:
```

Reviewer: `sw_disp` is a bit on the obtuse side; I think I prefer `displacement`
